Initial future work (#53)
MrLongbottom/P9-Rapport: sections/futureWork.tex

> \section{Future Work}\label{sec:future_work}

Reviewer: tænker at lave det en subsection under conclusion istedet, da det er så kort.

Author: ```suggestion
\subsection{Future Work}\label{sec:future_work}
```

The method, we have presented, can be expanded in different ways. 

> An interesting approach, could be to investigate other versions of \gls{lda}, such as the Dynamic Topic Model\cite{blei2006dynamic}, which is good at finding specific topics over time, which might improve the retrieval of old and important articles within a large dataset.

Reviewer: can we get a thing about correlated and/or pachinko pls senpai UwU

\subsection{Future Work}\label{sec:future_work}

The method, we have presented, can be expanded in different ways. 
An interesting approach, could be to investigate other versions of \gls{lda}, such as the Dynamic Topic Model\cite{blei2006dynamic}, which is good at finding specific topics over time, which might improve the retrieval of old and important articles within a large dataset.
There is also the approach of \cite{blei2007correlated}, where the correlation of topics is taken into account, which might yield improved information retrival performance.

Another approach to our method is to replace standard \gls{pr} with a more sophisticated one, like the Topical PageRank\cite{yang2009topic}. 

> Eg. the transistion probability within the adjacency matrix can be changed to focus on the correlation between topics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
E.g. the transition probability within the adjacency matrix can be changed to focus on the correlation between topics.
```
